Add resource access action learn section (#5034)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/guides/distinctive-language-features/network-interaction.md

## Resources

> In Ballerina, you can define a resource method in both service object and client object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ballerina, you can define a resource method in both the `service` and `client` objects.
```

## Resource path parameters

> The resource paths can also be parameterized such that instead of having fixed, static paths, they can be dynamically assigned during the resource access.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resource paths can also be parameterized such that instead of having fixed, static paths, they can be assigned dynamically during the resource access.  
```

In this case, the fixed resource path is **``/demo/greeting``** followed by a parameterized segment defined within `'[ ]'` in the resource method. This arrangement is similar to how HTTP resources are defined with parameterized path segments for RESTful services.

## Accessing resources in client objects

A resource of a client object can be accessed only using a `client resource access action`.

> A resource of a service object is accessed by a listener object provided by a library module; Ballerina does not yet define a mechanism to allow such a library module to be implemented completely in Ballerina.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A resource of a service object is accessed by a listener object provided by a library module; Ballerina does not define a mechanism yet to allow such a library module to be implemented completely in Ballerina.
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;

var clinetObj = client object {
    resource function get greeting/[string name]() returns string {
        return "Hello, " + name;
    }
};

public function main() {
    string result = clinetObj->/greeting/James;
    // Will print Hello, James
    io:println(result);
}
```

> In the above example the resource `greeting/[string name]` in `clinetObj` is accessed with the call syntax `->/`. This notation signifies that it is a resource access action on a client object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, the `greeting/[string name]` resource in the `clinetObj` is accessed with the `->/` call syntax. This notation signifies that it is a resource access action on a client object.
```

> Resource access path segments `greeting/James` after `->/` specifies the target resource to access on `clinetObj`. The default resource method name will be`get` if not specified in the client resource access action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `greeting/James` resource access path segments after `->/` specify the target resource to access on the `clinetObj`. The default resource method name will be`get` if it is not specified in the client resource access action.
```

> Resource access action can specify the query parameters as arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resource access action can specify the query parameters as arguments.
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;

var clinetObj = client object {
    resource function get greeting(string name) returns string {
        return "Hello, " + name;
    }
};

public function main() {
    string result = clinetObj->/greeting.get("James");
    // Will print Hello, James
    io:println(result);
    // Default resource access method name will be `get` if not specified
    result = clinetObj->/greeting("Ann");
    // Will print Hello, Ann
    io:println(result);
}
```

> Resource access path segments can also be dynamically assigned using computed resource access segments and resource access rest segments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resource access path segments can also be assigned dynamically using computed resource access segments and resource access rest segments.
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;

var clinetObj = client object {
    resource function get greeting/[string name]() returns string {
        return "Hello, " + name;
    }

    resource function post game/[string name]/[int players]() returns string {
        return name + ": " + players.toString();
    }
};

public function main() {
    string name = "Mark";
    string result = clinetObj->/greeting/[name];
    // Will print Hello, Mark
    io:println(result);

    [string, int] gameDetails = ["Chess", 2];
    result = clinetObj->/game/[...gameDetails].post;
    // Will print Chess: 2
    io:println(result);
}
```

> In the above example we have used `[]` in the resource access path segments and inside that we can include an expression. The static type of this expression should be  `int`, `string`, `float`, `boolean`, or `decimal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example uses `[]` in the resource access path segments and you can include an expression inside that. The static type of this expression should be  `int`, `string`, `float`, `boolean`, or `decimal`.
```

> We can include resource access rest segments with the notation of `[...expression]`. The static type of this expression should be an array of `int|string|float|boolean|decimal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include resource access rest segments with the notation of `[...expression]`. The static type of this expression should be an array of `int|string|float|boolean|decimal`.
```
